My family were non-practicing Catholics, so I was never taught to believe in God.
I trusted my teachers more than anyone else, so I accepted and loved the theory of evolution.
When I was 19, a childhood friend who had become one of Jehovah's Witnesses started to call on me.
I liked talking to him, but when he spoke to me about God, I told him,
please, stop talking about God because I don't believe in him. He never gave up on me.
He asked, why won't you, just for a moment, entertain a conversation about God?
This question made me think. I had rejected his arguments without even listening to them.
I didn't want to give the impression of being arrogant or stubborn, so I thought, why not let him speak?
He used a book, Life. How did it get here by evolution or by creation?
It was as if a veil had been lifted from my eyes. That was the moment Jehovah introduced himself to me.
Finally, I understood that my life has a purpose.
I regret that I didn't know Jehovah for the first 20 years of my life.
My relationship with Jehovah is without doubt the most precious thing I have.
I am determined to witness about Jehovah to everyone I meet, especially to those without faith,
so that they too can appreciate the wonderful qualities of our Creator.